.









.
 .
 

 
 
 
 For the AI-first Enterprise
 
Client Speak
 
Client Testimonial
 
 Embrace the talent revolution to remain relevant in the future.
 
s 
 
 
We bring you
            powerful advantages to navigate your digital transformation
 Design-led transformation. From brand to
                  experience Create unified digital experiences
                  to enhance customer experience and build loyalty 
 Do 100x more. Do it yourself Build an analytics-driven enterprise to monetize data 
 Bridge the physical and digital, with software and
                  platforms Engineer digital-first products and
                  offerings to create new revenue streams 
 Keep your core. Keep innovating Find your path to non-disruptive renewal of IT
                  landscapes 
 Digital-trust. d. To be the catalyst for growth by solving complex
                  cybersecurity problems, minimizing risks and building cyber resilience for your
                  businesses across the globe 
Imagine a machine with a mind of its own- one that tells you the exact degree to bend
                    for the perfect backhand.
                    This future is being shaped with data-driven analytics, virtual reality and
                    artificial intelligence. Infosys
                    and ATP World Tour have partnered to explore these new rich digital experiences, so
                    you can see the game
                    you love, like never before.
  
 Blockchain 
 Infosys
                    Cobalt 
 Data
                    analytics 
 Mainframe modernization 
  all 
Jan ? Pieter Lips, President, International Coalitions, Aimia speaks about the
                    evolution of the relationship
                    between Aimia and Infosys and our journey from being a trusted IT vendor partner to
                    a truly strategic partner
                    to Aimia. At the core of this relationship is an environment of always-on learning
                    and relentless innovation.
  
 Aerospace & Defense 
 Agriculture 
 Automotive 
 Financial
                     
 Communication  
  all 
Infosys Nia is helping organizations succeed with enterprise-grade artificial
                    intelligence by simplifying
                    complex tasks and amplifying capabilities to allow the enterprise to reinvent itself
                    and do things it could
                    never do before
   EdgeVerve 
 Infosys
                    Finacle 
 Infosys Nia 
 Panaya 
 Infosys
                    Equinox 
  all 
Discover how we navigate our clients from where they are to where they aspire to be.
                    We do it by enabling
                    them with an AI-powered core that helps prioritize the execution of change. We also
                    empower the business
                    with agile digital at scale to deliver unprecedented levels of performance. Our
                    always-on learning agenda
                    drives their continuous improvement.
  
To amplify human potential and create the next opportunity for
              people, businesses and communities
A global leader in next-generation digital services and consulting
 56+
countries where we have trusting clients
US$18.6
billion total revenue (LTM)
 5,575,490+
Training (days) conducted for employees, globally
Infosys Q4 FY24 Results - Archived Webcast
April 18, 2024
The Future of Work 2023 Report 
ESG is a business necessity, and offers short-term financial benefits now
Why are enterprises moving their applications to the cloud? ? An Infosys research
Maximizing shareholder value with
          good corporate governance
Every Infoscion is the navigator
          of our clients? digital transformation
Find opportunities right for you





.











Feature
To amplify human potential and create the next opportunity for
            people, businesses and communities
Infosys is a global leader in next-generation digital services and consulting. We enable clients in more than 56 countries to navigate their digital transformation.
With over four decades of experience in managing the systems and workings of global enterprises, we expertly steer clients, in more than 56 countries, as they navigate their digital transformation powered by cloud and AI. We enable them with an AI-first core, empower the business with agile digital at scale and drive continuous improvement with always-on learning through the transfer of digital skills, expertise, and ideas from our innovation ecosystem. We are deeply committed to being a well-governed, environmentally sustainable organization where diverse talent thrives in an inclusive workplace.
.
Adopt accelerators to evolve your way of working.
Embrace the talent revolution to remain relevant in the future. 
Celebrating everyday stories of everyday champions achieving the
                  intangible.
Established in 1981, Infosys is a NYSE listed global consulting and IT services company.
Infosys has made strategic investments in different domains. The company has established 13 subsidiaries across the globe. profiles of top Executives and Members of the Infosys Board
Our network of alliance and teaming relationships creates business value, reduces implementation risk and accelerates go-to-market.
At Infosys, the goal of corporate governance is to ensure fairness for every stakeholder ? our customers, investors, vendor-partners, the community, and the governments of the countries in which we operate.
News and events, investor calendar, presentations, analyst coverage, everything that our investors would like to access. 
 the Next
#Next Never Stops
#Undistance
#FLASHBACK50
Compelling human stories from Infosys that bring together our purpose, planet, and communities.
As enterprises navigate the path to
                  being digital,  offers thought leadership to guide their transformation. 
Innovation fundIn 2015, we launched the Infosys Innovation Fund
                  to invest in entrepreneurial ventures around the world.
Infosys Innovation NetworkBuilding Global Startup Partnerships
                  for Client Implementation with Infosys Innovation Network (IIN)
2024
Infosys ranked in the Top 3 IT services brands in the world for the third year in a row by Brand Finance; Fastest CAGR in brand value, in IT services industry, over 5 years, in its Global 500 2024 report.
2024
Infosys awarded the Global Top Employer 2024 certification in 20 countries, across Asia Pacific, Europe, the Middle East, and North America.
2024
Infosys recognized as one of the World?s Most Ethical Companies in 2024, for the Fourth Consecutive Year by Ethisphere.
ESG is a business necessity, and offers short-term financial benefits now
 
Making AI real: From data science to practical business
Race to modernize
Purpose points the way for digital transformation
Boosting profits and enabling a competitive edge with cloud
Find right opportunities for you





.










To amplify human potential and create the next opportunity for
            people, businesses and communities
Infosys is a global leader in
          next-generation digital services and consulting
Established in 1981, Infosys is a NYSE listed global consulting and IT services company with more than 317k employees. From a capital of US$250, we have grown to become a US$ 18.6 billion (LTM Q4 FY24 revenues) company with a market capitalization of US$ 74.42 billion.
In our journey of over 40 years, we have catalyzed some of the major changes that have led to
            India's emergence as the global destination for software services talent. We pioneered the
            Global Delivery Model and became the first IT  from India to be listed on NASDAQ. Our
            employee stock options program created some of India's first salaried millionaires.





.










EdgeVerve Systems, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys, develops innovative software products and offers them on-premise or as cloud-hosted business platforms. Our products help businesses develop deeper connections with stakeholders, power continuous innovation and accelerate growth in the digital world. We power our clients? growth in rapidly evolving areas like banking, digital marketing, interactive commerce, distributive trade, credit servicing, customer service, and enterprise buying.
Today, global corporations across financial services, insurance, retail and CPG, life sciences, manufacturing, and telecommunications, use EdgeVerve products. Finacle, our universal banking solution, is the choice of financial institutions across 84 countries and serves over 547 million customers ? nearly 16.5 percent of the world?s adult banked population.

Infosys BPM Ltd., the business process outsourcing subsidiary of Infosys Ltd., was set up in April 2002. Infosys BPM focuses on integrated end-to-end outsourcing and delivers transformational benefits to its clients through reduced costs, ongoing productivity improvements, and process reengineering. Infosys BPM operates in India, Poland, the Czech Republic, the Netherlands, South Africa, Brazil, Mexico, Costa Rica, the United States, Puerto Rico, China, the Philippines and Australia, and as of March 31, 2014, employed 28,581 people.

Infosys Consulting is a global advisor to leading companies on strategizing, process engineering, and managing technology-enabled transformation programs. We partner with clients to design and implement customized solutions to address their complex business challenges, and to help them in a post-modern enterprise resource planning (ERP) world. By combining innovative and human centric approaches with the latest technological advances, we enable organizations to reimagine their future and create sustainable and lasting business value.
Infosys Public , a U.S. based subsidiary of Infosys (NYSE: INFY), is a leader in business consulting, technology solutions, and next-generation services. We partner with public sector organizations in US and Canada to help them stay ahead of the innovation curve. Our solutions, combined with execution excellence and proven best practices allow clients to renew themselves while also creating new avenues to generate value.

Established in Brazil since 2009, Infosys operates in the country with offices in Sao Paulo, Rio de Janeiro and Nova Lima (metropolitan area of Belo Horizonte). Our mission is to be a respected Brazilian corporation that provides best-of-breed business solutions, leveraging technology and global infrastructure, delivered by best-in-class people co-sourced from Brazil. Our vision is to achieve our objectives in an environment of fairness, honesty, and courtesy towards our clients, employees, vendors and society at large.
One of the fastest growing subsidiaries of Infosys, we have a huge potential in the enterprise applications market of Latin America due to increasing IT spend and booming economy of the region, offering support in Portuguese, English, and Spanish.
Infosys Technologies (Australia) Pty. Limited (presently under liquidation as the business is merged with Infosys Limited) is the Australasian subsidiary of Infosys. We provide expertise to some of the world's major banks and enterprises to ensure that their applications meet the highest standards of regulatory compliance, governance and security. Locally headquartered in Melbourne, we have offices across Australia and New Zealand.
We collaborate with colleagues all over the world to help leading organizations from Australia and New Zealand to stay a step ahead of emerging business trends and outperform the competition.

Infosys Technologies (China) Co. Limited, headquartered in Shanghai, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Limited. Infosys China was established in 2003 with the vision of becoming a world-class delivery hub, offering global consulting and IT services.
With a blend of global and local talent, we have the breadth of skills, languages, and coverage that companies need in a global partner. We have the distinction of being the first company in China to receive certification in CMMI Level 5 (v1.2) global process quality standard. We are also certified in ISO 27001, the global benchmark for data security operations.
Infosys Technologies (Shanghai) Co. Limited, registered in 2011, is a 100% subsidiary of Infosys Limited. Infosys significantly expanded its strategic investment in China by laying the foundation for its new state-of-the-art campus at Zizhu Science and Technology Park in Shanghai in 2011.
The new campus will be spread over 15 acres and developed over a period of three years. With an overall seating capacity of 8,000 employees, the campus will have advanced facilities for software development, labs, data centers, training facilities, food courts, a 1500-seater auditorium, gym, and other recreational facilities. It will be the largest overseas software development center of Infosys, adhering to the highest environmental standards.

Infosys Technologies (Sweden) AB is based in Stockholm, with office in Linköping. The firm is a leading provider of technology-driven business solutions and works with clients in the spirit of partnership to assist them in becoming globally competitive. Infosys started its operations in Sweden in 1999. It provides expertise and support to major enterprises, delivering solutions of the highest standards.
The Mexico Delivery Center was established in August 2007. Located in Monterrey, Infosys Technologies S. de R. L. de C. V. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys with local leadership and bilingual workforce - proficient in English and Spanish.
We deliver IT and BPO services to clients in North America, Latin America and Europe. We serve more than 30 global and local clients (6 of them in secure development centers) across industries.
We offer a range of services that include application development and maintenance, infrastructure management, application testing, PMO, BPO, ERP and support services with multiple engagement models. We are committed to the highest standards in security and processes and is ISO 27001, ISO 9001:2008 and SSAE 16 certified.

Panaya Inc. (Panaya) (founded in 2006), a Delaware Corporation in the United States, is a leading provider of Automation Technology for large scale enterprise software management. It is a software as a service (SaaS) company and provides SaaS offerings for impact analysis of configuration changes and proposals for rectifying upgrades related problems. It presence across Americas, EMEA and Asia. It has subsidiaries in Israel, Germany, Japan and Australia.
Infosys fully acquired Panaya group of companies in the year 2015.

Noah Consulting, LLC, is a leading provider of advanced information management consulting services. They help upstream oil and gas companies, including super majors, independents and oil field service companies plan, architect and deploy information solutions to unlock the value of their oil and gas assets. Noah's deep domain expertise in upstream oil and gas, coupled with their tools, solution accelerators and proprietary methodologies, makes them a leader in driving strategic data management engagements. This acquisition combines Noah?s deep industry knowledge, information strategy planning, data governance and architecture capabilities with Infosys? ability to provide technology and outsourcing services on a global scale to oil and gas clients.
Headquartered in Denmark, BASE life science is one of the fastest-growing business and technology partners in the life sciences industry. The company has over 200 of the finest, multidisciplinary industry experts across Denmark, Switzerland, UK, Germany, France, Italy, and Spain. BASE life science is an innovative and forward-thinking technology, product, and service consultancy company specialized in creating value from digital platforms and data. Their experienced teams optimize technology and business processes within Customer Engagement, Quality, Regulatory, Compliance, and Clinical data management for companies within the life sciences industry.
Infosys acquired BASE life science in Sept 2022.







.









Co-founder and Chairman of the Board
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director






.









Infosys is proud to work collaboratively with other leading organizations to achieve
          our shared goal of transforming enterprises through innovative solutions. Our powerful alliance
          network includes a priority set of market leaders to provide clients with specialized skills and
          tailored solutions.
Infosys has a thriving and growing alliance ecosystem,
                delivering business solutions that address our clients' business and technology
                challenges. We have deep relationships across an extensive network of leading technology
                companies to help you transform and grow. 
Our robust ecosystem helps partners boost their revenue
                growth, expand markets and geographic reach, facilitate sales process, and enhance
                product and service offerings.
Infosys is a global premier partner of Google Cloud.  Our alliance with Google Cloud accelerates cloud transformation, optimizes experiences and drives client outcomes.
Our expertise and heritage in data, AI, and modernization services in combination with Google Cloud capabilities enables the co-creation of industry-specific strategies and offerings that drive business outcomes and continual innovation for future success.
Infosys continues to expand its collaboration with Google Cloud to help enterprises build AI-powered experiences leveraging Infosys Topaz offerings and Google Cloud?s generative AI solutions.  Infosys AI-powered solutions use insights to improve customer experience, drive sales, and redefine client?s digital business strategy for long term success. 
Infosys received 2023 Google Cloud Partner of the Year awards for:
Interview at Google Cloud NEXT?23, Infosys? digital transformation playbook for enterprises in 2023: Scott Krynock & Shyam Vijayan, Infosys | Google Cloud Next 2023
Infosys x Blue Acorn iCi is a Global Platinum Adobe Partner and a leader in next-generation digital services and consulting. Focusing on digital experience, commerce, and insights, with expertise across the entire Adobe  Cloud, we deliver remarkable customer experiences and enable clients to navigate large-scale digital transformation programs powered by Adobe technology.
Infosys x Blue Acorn iCi and Adobe elevate customer interactions by delivering personalized customer experiences at scale. As a Global Platinum Partner, we help brands build a solid digital foundation that is powered by Adobe  Cloud.
Our team of over 1,500 technology and business experts help customers achieve unprecedented advantages. We have helped Fortune 100 brands across various geographies and industries achieve 15-20% increase in customer conversions, 20-30% increase in repeat buyers, 30-40% reduction in brand launch time, and 30-50% reduction in digital asset management cost.
Infosys is a global premier consulting and managed services partner of Amazon Web  (AWS). Through our partnership, we help customers discover, evaluate, and integrate software, services, and processes to accelerate business transformation.
Leveraging Infosys Cobalt, a set of services, solutions, and platforms for enterprises to accelerate their cloud journey, Infosys is uniquely positioned to help businesses take full advantage of all that AWS has to offer, accelerate journey to the cloud and build resilient businesses.Infosys is a partner of choice for AWS Implementations ? Infosys Positioned as a Leader in SI Capabilities on AWS Peak Matrix Assessment 2021
Global enterprises have varied and complex business process streams and technology landscapes. A holistic approach is required to reimagine the entire value chain while transforming with cloud. Enterprises are seeking strategic partners who can drive business outcomes and lead them in their transformational journey from strategy and blueprinting, asset modernization, business-technology realization right up to the managed services and resilient business operations.
Amazon Web  (AWS) is a pioneer in cloud technology. AWS is committed to innovating and delivering products and services that matter the most to customers. AWS provides on-demand cloud computing resources and APIs to its subscribers along with over 175 products and services including computing, storage, networking, database, analytics, application services, deployment, management, mobile, developer tools, and tools for the Internet of Things.
With Infosys Cobalt, enterprises can have ready access to a growing portfolio of AWS-powered cloud-first solution blueprints. Infosys Cobalt works with the AWS partner ecosystem to help businesses co-create new solutions and accelerate speed to market.
The partnership between Infosys and Cisco extends over 25 years. The success of our relationship lies in a shared vision of enabling organizations to transform into thriving, living enterprises that are digital at the core. Recently Infosys was recognized by Cisco as an Advanced Cloud and Managed  Certified Partner.
Infosys and Cisco deliver holistic and integrated solutions that accelerate business transformation through a digital-ready network infrastructure. We co-develop solutions incorporating Application-Centric Infrastructure (ACI), Software-Defined WAN (SD-WAN), Software-Defined Networking (SDN), and Unified Communication and Collaboration (UCC) with transformation services that enable new digital capabilities, establish robust operating models, and empower people, for a Live Enterprise that continuously sustains, evolves, and flourishes. 
Dassault Systèmes, the 3DEXPERIENCE , provides virtual universes to imagine sustainable innovations. Its world-class solutions transform the way products are designed, produced and supported.Dassault Systèmes? collaborative solutions foster social innovation, expanding possibilities for the virtual world to improve the real world. The group brings value to over 250 000 customers of all sizes, in all industries, in more than 140 countries.
For more information, visit www.3ds.com.
Dassault Systèmes and Infosys understand that successful software deployment across large enterprises requires qualified partners who have skills and experience. A strong interconnection across Digital Transformation and Digital Factory is necessary to ensure digital continuity and seamless handoffs. Infosys is the preferred partner of Dassault Systèmes for executing Manufacturing Operations Management (MOM) projects and helping with engineering digital transformation based on the 3DEXPERIENCE platform and solutions.
Dassault Systèmes and Infosys have a ?Strategic Alliance? program that enables coordinated efforts to resolve customer?s needs. Infosys? expertise, outreach and experience across industries, regions and customers worldwide help maximize the partnership and best in class offerings from Dassault Systèmes, based on the 3DEXPERIENCE platform, to deliver true customer delight.
Databricks is the Data + AI company. With origins in academia and the open-source community, the company was founded in 2013 by the original creators of Apache Spark?, Delta Lake, and MLflow. Built on a modern Lakehouse architecture in the cloud, Databricks combines the best of data warehouses and data lakes to offer an open and unified platform for data and AI.
Today, more than five thousand organizations worldwide rely on Databricks to enable massive-scale data engineering, collaborative data science, full-lifecycle machine learning, and business analytics. See real world examples.
Headquartered in San Francisco with offices around the world and hundreds of global partners, Databricks is on a mission to simplify and democratize data and AI, helping data teams solve the world?s toughest problems.
Infosys and Databricks share a strategic business partnership, which enables us to provide significant benefits to our customers. Our global partnership has helped enterprises accelerate their digital transformation and application modernization initiatives with superior unified data analytics solutions. Together, we help new and existing clients address the key pain points of flexible data consumption, on demand compute with optimized engine. Provide flexibility in terms of seamless integration to cloud services, usage of familiar language and environment and more data sources coverage. We bring the scale, expertise, and technology to deliver application modernization programs at a global level. The partnership is also driving innovations for the creation of best-in-class industry solutions built using Databricks.
Dell Technologies ? the largest, privately controlled, technology firm ?helps organizations and individuals build their digital future and transform how they work, live and play. The company provides customers with the industry?s broadest and most innovative technology and services portfolio for the data era.
We partner together to build respected best-of-breed business solutions, leveraging technology, delivered by best-in-class people.
Infosys is a Dell Technologies Cloud  provider - Titanium Partner, one of the highest-level services partners of Dell Technologies. Infosys and Dell Technologies collaboration is led by strong ties between both the company?s CEOs and other top and regional executives.
You can count on Infosys and Dell Technologies to deliver the solutions you need for your business needs.
HP is a leading, global enterprise that offers IT, products, solutions, and services for diverse markets worldwide. Three of its core offerings include:
End user computing devices: HP offers for enterprise customers a wide range of the world?s most reliable, secure, and manageable end user computing devices such as desktops, thin clients, laptops, tablets, and notebooks. These devices are built with cutting-edge design, innovative engineering, and high-quality materials to provide value, performance, and scalability to enterprise customers.
For more information, visit HP website: http://www.hp.com/
Managed print services: HP offers a range of dependable, secure, and cost-effective printers to meet the business needs of maintaining a print fleet with improved printing workflows.
For more information, visit HP website: http://www8.hp.com/us/en/services/mps.html
Retail Point Of Sale: By delivering convenient and consistent service that customers expect, HP Retail Point of Sale (POS) solutions combine the power, performance, and security that businesses need to keep evolving.
For more information, visit HP website: http://www8.hp.com/us/en/retail-solutions/overview.html
Infosys and Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) have been strategic partners for more than 20 years. Together with HPE, Infosys is enabling organizations to increase agility and efficiency, unlock insights and deliver business innovation by transforming their technology scape in the areas of - multi-cloud environments; migrations to SAP HANA; wired and wireless networking solutions; application modernization including container orchestration and management; AI/ML and data analytics; cost control; IT automation and AI-driven operations and security.
Infosys has been recognized by Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) as the HPE System Integrator of the Year in the following categories - Global, Asia Pacific, DACH (Germany (D) Austria (A), and Switzerland (CH)), Central Europe, and North Americas and, as the HPE Edge Ecosystem Partner of the Year. Infosys was awarded for its outstanding performance and commitment to customer excellence. The HPE Partner Awards were awarded in recognition of exceptional results in financial performance, innovative solutions, and meaningful business results.
IBM is a premier cognitive and cloud platform company with its presence in over 170 countries. Infosys, as a long-standing Global System Integration and Consulting partner of IBM, offers end-to-end services and solutions from the IBM Mainframe to the latest offerings on IBM Bluemix.
For more information, visit IBM?s website: https://www.ibm.com/us-en/
IBM has been a strategic partner having a long, proven, track record of collaborating to deliver successful outcomes with most of our key customers. We have over 6000 certified Infoscions with core competencies across various IBM technologies ? including IBM BPM, Watson Customer Engagement solutions, Watson IoT including Maximo and Tririga, hybrid cloud, analytics, security, and IBM Bluemix solutions.
What?s more, we won the prestigious 2017 IBM Beacon Award in recognition of our innovative, omnichannel order management platform, EPOCH, built on IBM Watson Customer Engagement platform. This powers the supply chain of some of the leading retail industry brands.
Infosys is the first global systems integrator to join IBM?s new public cloud ecosystem. Leveraging Infosys Cobalt, a set of services, solutions and platforms for enterprises to accelerate their cloud journey, Infosys works with IBM and its clients to speed efforts such as proof of concepts, running cloud pilots, staffing client innovation centers and other mechanisms designed to deliver value quickly and securely. The collaboration will help enterprises - including those in highly regulated industries such as financial services, insurance and healthcare - to transition, modernize and transform their enterprise workloads and applications by tapping into the security, open innovation and enterprise capabilities of the IBM public cloud.Microsoft (Nasdaq ?MSFT? @microsoft) is the leading platform and productivity company for the mobile-first, cloud-first world, and its mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. We believe a new technology paradigm is emerging that manifests itself through an intelligent cloud and an intelligent edge. There are three characteristics that define this shift. 
The first is that the experience layer is becoming multidevice and multisense; where a person?s experience with technology will span a multitude of devices and become increasingly more natural and multisensory with voice, ink, gestures, and gaze interactions. Second, artificial intelligence (AI) will be pervasive across devices, apps, and infrastructure to drive insights and act on your behalf. Third, computing will be more distributed than ever before with computing power at the edge; whether it?s the connected car, the connected factory floor, or any connected device.
Microsoft continues to focus on bringing their technology and products together into experiences and solutions that deliver new value to customers.
The Oracle Cloud offers a complete suite of integrated applications for Sales, Service, Marketing, Human Resources, Finance, Supply Chain and Manufacturing, plus Highly Automated and Secure Generation 2 Infrastructure featuring the Oracle Autonomous Database.
Infosys and Oracle have forged a strong alliance with a vision to help customers maximize benefits, increase satisfaction, and achieve high performance. Infosys has partnered with Oracle in key geographies across verticals such as life sciences, financial services, CPG, retail, logistics, high-tech, and discrete and process manufacturing.
Joe Fuster, Vice President, Oracle for CX Cloud, endorses Infosys innovation and differentiated solutions for Oracle Cloud, especially catering to industries such as high-tech and manufacturing. In the video, he says that the Oracle-Infosys partnership helps clients adopt cloud faster, with quicker time to market and smoother change management. 
As cyber threats are on the rise and evolving at a rapid pace, it is fundamental and extremely critical to protect key pillars of the enterprise fabric which include workplace, network, workloads, apps & data, and cloud. To be risk resilient today, enterprises are willfully embarking on the journey of Zero Trust security adoption.
With the new world of perimeter-less business culture CXOs are challenged to provide secured information access along with frictionless user experience. This is made possible by adopting Zero Trust Architecture and leveraging cutting edge technology solutions such as SASE.
As part of our endeavor to constantly alleviate our customer?s security posture and accelerate secured digital transformation, Infosys has partnered with Palo Alto Networks, a leading cybersecurity solution provider with a complete cloud delivered security platform to assure robust security of enterprise network perimeters, workloads & workplace, cloud, and secured access.
Salesforce is a leader in the cloud integration services space. Their execution services include architecture definition, agile implementations and global rollouts, ecosystem integration, platform-based application modernization, and support services on sales cloud, service cloud, marketing cloud, app cloud, communities, Heroku, Internet of things (IoT), Wave Analytics, and many other AppExchange technologies.
Their capabilities in this space emanate from numerous Salesforce-certified consultants, expertise in vertical markets plus cloud technologies, and intellectual property (IP). In addition, they have built strong partnerships with Salesforce independent software vendors (ISVs) ? including Apttus, CloudSense, CloudCraze, FinancialForce, ServiceMax, and Vlocity ? to innovate faster and serve customers better. They also have a diverse set of vertical-specific solutions for life sciences, insurance, consumer packaged goods (CPG) / retail, discrete manufacturing, and high-tech industries; which enable them to navigate customers towards high performance.
Infosys is an SAP Global Strategic  Partner, one of the highest-level services partners of SAP. Infosys and SAP collaboration is led by strong ties between both the company?s CEOs and other top and regional executives.
Infosys has taken a step ahead and developed technology-specific solutions such as its Live Enterprise Suite to enable enterprises to accelerate their digital transformation journeys. Infosys? Live Enterprise for SAP RISE offering is built on SAP S/4HANA industry templates. It includes Infosys Catalyst and Innov8, part of Infosys Cobalt.
Infosys is one amongst the first three strategic partners to help customers achieve true process transformation with Business Process Intelligence (BPI) solutions from SAP. This collaboration combines insights delivered through BPI process capabilities with Infosys? implementation expertise and robust tools and methodologies.
We work in close partnership with SAP to design and develop innovative new solutions across multiple industries. For example - Retail Execution, Personalized Medicine, Clinical Trial and Supply Chain Management (CTSM), Enhanced Customer , Leads and Proposal Management to name a few.
Infosys is a charter partner of the SAP Enterprise  Architecture Community, which is a collaborative, cross-industry, program that enables partners and customers to define the way software is developed and deployed to solve evolving business requirements.
Infosys has been offering valuable services on Run SAP Methodology ? a proven methodology to optimize implementation, rollout, upgrade, application management of end-to-end solution operations, and reduce total cost of ownership for clients.
Infosys is certified partner of SAP for ?
ServiceNow was founded in 2004 on a revolutionary idea to transform how work gets done across the enterprise.
Today, enterprises need to evolve faster, but lack of process and legacy tools hold them back. Every day, thousands of customer requests, IT incidents, and HR cases follow their own paths ? moving back and forth between people, machines, and departments. Unstructured. Undocumented. Unimproved for years. 
With the ServiceNow System of Action?, you can replace these unstructured work patterns of the past with intelligent workflows of the future. Now every employee, customer, and machine can make requests on a single cloud platform. Every department working on these requests can assign, prioritize, collaborate, resolve root cause issues, gain real-time insights, and drive action. Employees are energized, service levels improve, and game-changing economics are realized. That?s Work at Lightspeed?? a smarter, faster way to get work done.
Infosys Enterprise Service Management Café is an AI-powered plug and play solution that provides all the process templates you need and ready-to-deploy code that makes your ServiceNow implementation 40 to 50 percent faster.
It consolidates and rationalizes the tools you already have and helps in predicting service outages, automatically orchestrating remediation, and enabling users to self-serve their needs from the Café app store. With Infosys Enterprise Service Management Café, you can pick from a choice of over 40 super-useful plugins to manage your always-on service delivery landscape. This delivers the productivity savings and efficiencies you need to drive innovation in enterprise service management and continuous service improvement, not just for IT but beyond for other business functions.
The outcomes are significant such as 30 percent improvements in user satisfaction along with 25 percent reduction in efforts.
Snowflake delivers the Data Cloud ? a global network where thousands of organizations mobilize data with near-unlimited scale, concurrency, and performance. Inside the Data Cloud, organizations unite their siloed data, easily discover and securely share governed data, and execute diverse analytic workloads. 
Wherever data or users live, Snowflake delivers a single and seamless experience across multiple public clouds. Snowflake?s platform is the engine that powers and provides access to the Data Cloud, creating a solution for data warehousing, data lakes, data engineering, data science, data application development, and data sharing. Join Snowflake customers, partners, and data providers already taking their businesses to new frontiers in the Data Cloud. Find out more at snowflake.com.Infosys is a global SI partner with Snowflake and together we have enabled multiple large enterprises migrate their data infrastructure to the cloud. With our expertise in data analytics solutions, data strategies, architecture, design principles and best practices we help clients realize the full benefits of Snowflake. Our partnership with Snowflake helps modernize enterprise?s data landscape and navigate through their data on cloud journey. We enable clients to move from traditional data warehouses to new multi-cloud based data platform. At the same time, removing constraints on performance, flexibility, cost, scalability and data diversity.






.










Recognized As
2024
Recognized As
2024
Recognized As
2024
Infosys has been recognized as one of the best organizations for women in 2024 by The Economic Times.
Infosys recognized as one of the World?s Most Ethical Companies in 2024, for the Fourth Consecutive Year by Ethisphere.Infosys awarded the Global Top Employer 2024 certification in 20 countries, across Asia Pacific, Europe, the Middle East, and North America.
Infosys has been placed in the Leadership category in the Indian Corporate Governance Scorecard Assessment undertaken by Institutional Investor Advisory  (IiAS) for the eighth year in a row.
Infosys ranked in the Top 3 IT services brands in the world for the third year in a row by Brand Finance; Fastest CAGR in brand value, in IT services industry, over 5 years, in its Global 500 2024 report.
Infosys ranked first in the IT  & Software sector at the 2012 Institutional Investors All-Asia Executive Team in two categories:






.










Infosys is a global leader in next-generation digital services and consulting. We enable clients in more than 50 countries to navigate their digital transformation. With over four decades of experience in managing the systems and workings of global enterprises, we expertly steer our clients through their digital journey. We do it by enabling the enterprise with an AI-powered core that helps prioritize the execution of change. We also empower the business with agile digital at scale to deliver unprecedented levels of performance and customer delight. Our always-on learning agenda drives their continuous improvement through building and transferring digital skills, expertise, and ideas from our innovation ecosystem.
In 1981, seven engineers started Infosys Limited with just US$250. From the beginning, the company was founded on the principle of building and implementing great ideas that drive progress for clients and enhance lives through enterprise solutions. For over four decades, we have been a company focused on bringing to life great ideas and enterprise solutions that drive progress for our clients.
Infosys has a growing global presence with over 300,000 employees. Globally, we have operations spread across 50+ countries.
At Infosys, we believe our responsibilities extend beyond business. That is why we established the Infosys Foundation ? to provide assistance to some of the more socially and economically depressed sectors of the communities in which we work. And that is why we behave ethically and honestly in all our interactions ? with our clients, our partners, and our employees.





.










Davos, Switzerland ? January 17, 2024
Infosys (NSE, BSE, NYSE: INFY), a global leader in next-generation digital services and consulting, today announced that it has been recognized as the Top 3 IT services brand globally and the fastest growing IT services brand over a 5 year period, according to Brand Finance, the world?s leading brand valuation firm, in its Brand Finance Global 500 2024 report. Infosys brand value has more than doubled in last 5 years, and at over US$14 billion in 2024, Infosys is ranked as #145 most valuable brand in the world. 
Infosys? Chief Executive Officer, Salil Parekh, tops the IT services ranking in Brand Finance's Brand Guardianship Index (BGI) 2024 for the role of CEO as brand custodian and steward of long-term shareholder value. The Index is based on Brand Finance?s analysis of current perceptions, tangible results of these perceptions, and investments made to support future performance.
?We are delighted with this recognition and see it as another reinforcement of Infosys living its brand promise to help its stakeholders to navigate and thrive in an AI-first world,? said Sumit Virmani, Global Chief Marketing Officer, Infosys. ?The core purpose of our brand is to amplify human potential and create the next opportunity for everyone. With the evolution in the technology landscape, we remain committed to leveraging its shifting capabilities to move people, businesses and communities forward?.
For the third year in a row, Brand Finance has positioned Infosys among the world?s top 3 most valuable IT services brands. This is a strong validation of Infosys? relevance in the fast-evolving digital services space where brands are differentiated by the credibility of their value proposition in emerging areas like generative AI and foundational technologies like cloud. Investments like the launch of its generative AI-powered services, solutions and platforms brand ? Infosys Topaz ? has served to create positive association for Infosys with the next generation of digital transformation.
David Haigh, CEO and Chairman of Brand Finance, commented, ?Progressive brands, like Infosys, continue to invest through the downturn. Infosys? investments have included building strategic partnerships, multi-sensory experiences, and the creation of strong sub brands in emerging categories, while nurturing a strong brand and business impact framework for marketing effectiveness. I?d also like to congratulate Salil Parekh who has guided this transformation and tops the 2024 Brand Guardianship Index, in the category.?
Infosys, recently, onboarded tennis icons Rafael Nadal and Iga ?wi?tek as brand ambassadors, and launched its ?? campaign. With a strong track record in forging collaborations and brand partnerships to digitally reimagine tennis, these ambassadors of the sport now also credibly serve as the face of the Infosys brand.
Infosys? focus on brand thrust is strengthening through its strategic collaborations with the Madison Square Garden, including key MSG properties New York Knicks, New York Rangers and the Madison Square Garden Arena, the ATP, Roland Garros, the Australian Open, International Tennis Hall of Fame as well as Dow Jones, The Economist, Financial Times and Bloomberg Media.
Brand Infosys continues to be guided by its larger purpose and deliver on the commitments articulated in its ESG Vision 2030. For example, Infosys Springboard ? the company?s flagship reskilling program, with free digital content served globally, already has 8.5 million registered learners amplifying their skills in preparation for an AI-first future. Infosys continues to be carbon neutral for four years now. The brand has been commended for demonstrating extraordinary leadership and community impact. Infosys was featured at #11 in Fortune?s Change the World List for 2023.
Infosys is a global leader in next-generation digital services and consulting. Over 300,000 of our people work to amplify human potential and create the next opportunity for people, businesses and communities. We enable clients in more than 56 countries to navigate their digital transformation. With over four decades of experience in managing the systems and workings of global enterprises, we expertly steer clients, as they navigate their digital transformation powered by cloud and AI. We enable them with an AI-first core, empower the business with agile digital at scale and drive continuous improvement with always-on learning through the transfer of digital skills, expertise, and ideas from our innovation ecosystem. We are deeply committed to being a well-governed, environmentally sustainable organization where diverse talent thrives in an inclusive workplace.Visit www.infosys.com to see how Infosys (NSE, BSE, NYSE: INFY) can help your enterprise navigate your next.
Certain statements in this release concerning our future growth prospects, or our future financial or operating performance are forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the 'safe harbor' under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements. The risks and uncertainties relating to these statements include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties regarding the execution of our business strategy, our ability to attract and retain personnel, our transition to hybrid work model, economic uncertainties, technological innovations such as Generative AI, the complex and evolving regulatory landscape including immigration regulation changes, our ESG vision, our capital allocation policy and expectations concerning our market position, future operations, margins, profitability, liquidity, capital resources, and our corporate actions including acquisitions. Important factors that may cause actual results or outcomes to differ from those implied by the forward-looking statements are discussed in more detail in our US Securities and Exchange Commission filings including our Annual Report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. These filings are available at www.sec.gov. Infosys may, from time to time, make additional written and oral forward-looking statements, including statements contained in the 's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and our reports to shareholders. The  does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements that may be made from time to time by or on behalf of the  unless it is required by law.
For more information, please contact: PR_Global@Infosys.com






.










Infosys has been recognized as a Global Top Employer 2023 for the third consecutive year by the Top Employers Institute. Infosys is one of the fifteen employers globally picked from over 2050 participating organizations, in 121 countries to receive this recognition.
Top Employers Institute is a global authority established 30 years ago, which recognizes excellence in People Practices. Infosys has been recognized for its continued focus on building a progressive people strategy and employee value proposition. The company was also acknowledged for its sustained investments in learning, reskilling, career development, and enabling digital native experiences for its talent. The recognition is testimony to Infosys? commitment towards its employees across every region it operates in.
Infosys has been recognized with the Global Top Employer certification for 2023 in 22 countries across the following regions:
Each year, the Top Employers Institute certifies organizations on the basis of a comprehensive assessment that covers 6 domains including People Strategy, Work Environment, Talent Acquisition, Learning, Well-being, Diversity & Inclusion, amongst others.





.










.






.










Infosys applied AI: Integrated Offering for Enterprises to Scale and Future-proof AI-powered Transformation
s
Infosys Cobalt - Set of services, solutions and platforms to accelerate enterprise cloud journey
Digital advancements and focus on customer centric business models is creating new opportunities for enterprises. Our digital architecture drives outcomes for enterprises across five areas ? , , ,  and .  about our digital navigation framework. 
Digital advancements and focus on customer centric business models is creating new opportunities for enterprises. Our digital architecture drives outcomes for enterprises across five areas ? , , ,  and .  about our digital navigation framework. 
Our business solutions and services help accelerate innovation, increase productivity, reduce costs, and optimize asset utilization.





Application Development and Maintenance
Consulting 
Reimagining Business Process Management
s and opinions of our thought leaders to shape business plans and customer experience
Transforming quality assurance organizations by enabling Dev?T?Ops
Self-service testing: the antidote for stressed testing teams
Infosys Connected Device Testing: Building a Smart Ecosystem with Confidence

Performance testing Internet of Things (IoT)

The Future of Quality Engineering is with AI-assisted Everything

Assuring the digital utilities transformation

An insight into Microservices testing strategies

The latest in technology, thought leadership and customer stories

A touch of magic to transform retail operations
VIEW POINT
Transforming quality assurance organizations by enabling Dev?T?Ops

s-driven computing realizing web analytics strategy

Reimagine enterprise experience
Find out how we are enabling global enterprises to navigate their next by adapting to changing technology, business and customer landscape.

Unified cloud infrastructure enhances digital marketing

Data is talking about the future of retail demand. Are you listening?

Cloud simplifies school administration
Optimal data test coverage for a data lake implementation






.











Humanizing E-Commerce with Infosys Equinox
We help businesses achieve excellence and become truly digital with our banking solutions, business applications and platforms. We simplify processes and enable our customers to stay ahead in their business by adopting Artificial Intelligence (AI), Machine Learning (ML) and Automation with agility.  new possibilities with our advanced solutions.
Finacle helps traditional and emerging financial institutions drive truly digital transformation to achieve frictionless customer experiences, larger ecosystem play, insights?driven interactions and ubiquitous automation. Today, banks in over 100 countries rely on Finacle to service more than a billion consumers and 1.3 billion accounts.
Panaya enables organizations to accelerate application change and continuously deliver innovation with its Enterprise Agile Delivery . Panaya provides cloud-based application delivery, and testing solutions that ensure collaboration between Business and IT. Enabling enterprise agility with faster release velocity and uncompromising quality, Panaya delivers an optimized user experience with end-to-end visibility of the application lifecycle. Since 2008, 2,000 companies in 62 countries, including a third of the Fortune 500, have been using Panaya to deliver quick quality change to enterprise applications.
Infosys Equinox is a digital commerce and marketing platform driving human-centric and memorable omnichannel shopping experiences. It provides the perfect balance between agility and adaptability to businesses.
Infosys Meridian, a Live Enterprise Workplace , helps companies reimagine experiences in the work-from-anywhere era. The platform is part of Infosys Cobalt and enables enterprises to evolve into a remote-first, hyper-productive anywhere workplace that deepens stakeholder engagement, streamlines work processes, and enhances productivity.





.










In alignment with the Infosys ESG Vision 2030 to enable digital skills at scale, Infosys Springboard has been identified as a flagship digital learning platform to empower people, communities, and society with skills to be successful in the 21st Century. Powered by Infosys Wingspan, our integrated digital learning and collaboration platform, Infosys Springboard includes content spanning across digital learning, emerging technologies, and life skills. This program is led by a dedicated team of experts collaborating globally with the Infosys Education Training and Assessment (ETA) team, curriculum partners, non-profits and a global network of leading educational institutions.
Learning content within Infosys Springboard has been carefully curated for various geographies to meet the specific needs of the targeted communities within that region. Let?s take a look at the details of each regional offering:
Infosys Springboard brings digital and life skills for students from class 6 to lifelong learners in India. Delivered free through Infosys CSR commitment to empowering 10 million-plus people with digital skills by 2025, it provides a holistic set of courses, developed in collaboration with world-leading digital educators like Coursera and Harvard Business Publishing. It is fully aligned with India?s National Education Policy 2020. The learning program is particularly well-suited to grow vocational skills in addition to soft skills. Masterclasses, programming challenges, practice areas, and playgrounds for experimentation make the training immersive for all. The assessment formats that follow are new-age ready with certification for learners who pass the virtual proctored examination. Nearly 400,000 learners and 300+ education institutions, NGOs, and support groups are already onboard Infosys Springboard.
Infosys Springboard in the USA is a flagship learning and upskilling program led by the Infosys Foundation USA. Across two platforms, the initiative aims to democratize access to digital content that empowers learners across the spectrum from K-12 educators and students, to post-secondary learners, to professionals seeking to upskill for technology-enabled opportunities of the 21st century:
The digital landscape will likely continue an even more rapid evolution in years to come. In response, Infosys Foundation USA and its contributors will keep pace by providing dynamic, accessible content that enables pathways to the digital future, irrespective of geography, phase of education or professional pursuit.
As a part of Infosys's Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) charter for Europe, Infosys Springboard is the digital inclusion platform for youths, SMEs, and the unemployed. The program is focused on three areas, with varied initiatives designed to lead to better outcomes for individuals, communities, and businesses.
Infosys Springboard Australia and New Zealand is designed to enable pathways to education and learning of digital skills for under-represented communities and to create a more equitable community across Australia and New Zealand by enabling inclusive education, digital learning and engagement experiences.
Launched: Infosys Springboard to bring Digital Life Skills for Students in India
We balance success as a business with unwavering focus on exemplary governance and responsiveness to the needs of the ecology and society.At Infosys, our D&I charter draws inspiration from the first tenet of our Code of Conduct and Ethics, namely ?Respecting Each Other,? and drives our Equal Employment Opportunity practices.






.










Please drop a mail to the  for your queries.
 Global
 
            Infosys
            Electronics City, Hosur Road
            Bangalore 560100 
            India
            Phone: +91 80 4156 3998
 India & APAC
 Infosys
Electronics City, Hosur Road
Bangalore 560100
IndiaPhone: +91 9886926024 
Americas
 
            Infosys, USA
            Phone: +1 469 996 3516
 EMEA
 
            Infosys, UK
            Phone: +44 7721555153
            
 Australia and New Zealand
 
            Infosys
            Phone: +61 4 1175 2589





Access to primary healthcare, awareness of basic hygiene, and treatment of underprivileged patients beg attention. The Infosys Foundation advances healthcare by augmenting existing healthcare infrastructure. Since its inception in 1996, the Infosys Foundation has constructed hospital wards, built dharmashalas (rest houses), and provided medical equipment to various hospitals across India. The Foundation has also donated medicines in addition to organizing health camps in rural India. The Infosys Foundation has donated more than INR 50 crore to expand the capacity of hospitals across India and is involved in several healthcare programs.
The Foundation?s association with Sankara Netralaya aims to provide financial aid to the economically weaker sections of society. Apart from converting Lady Willingdon Hospital into the Jaslok Community Ophthalmic Centre and purchasing Heidelberg Retinal Angiogram II to diagnose retinal problems in diabetic patients, the Foundation has initiated the building of a new community hospital. This hospital aims to offer 12,000 free surgeries every year and will conduct training programs in a variety of fields associated with ophthalmology.
 Watch video
Joining hands with the Swami Vivekananda Integrated Rural Health Centre (SVIRHC), the Foundation has contributed immensely towards the eradication of leprosy. Over the years, SVIRHC has treated 3,747 leprosy patients, 11,083 tuberculosis patients, and conducted free eye operations for 16,869 patients. The Foundation has also funded the BMCDT Bone Marrow Registry, Bengaluru, to establish a global bone marrow donor registry in India.
 Watch video
The National Institute of Mental Health and Neuro Sciences (NIMHANS) is an innovative institution offering comprehensive care service for patients suffering from psychiatric and neurological problems. At every step, Infosys Foundation has offered financial assistance, paving the way for high quality and affordable healthcare for patients who require it the most.
The Infosys Foundation has been made aware of forms of fraudulent correspondence/ potential scams claiming themselves to be associated with Infosys Foundation or with any of our office bearers.
 
.










 Infosys Leadership Institute (ILI) is committed to helping leaders assume greater roles and positively influence their teams, clients and the community at large. We believe that it takes an entire community including internal and external stakeholders to nurture an environment for learning and growth.
Infosys Leadership Blueprint is our common point of reference, and knits the four key dimensions i.e.  Inspire Transformation, Unlock Synergies, Amplify Team Potential and Unleash Impact for Clients and Infosys to help our leaders be ready for the future. This framework is integrated into our developmental interventions, assessment and talent review cycles.
 Developmental s: We deploy a host of tools to help our leaders become better aware of their leadership personalities and styles. Developmental Approach: ILI?s charter is to be in-sync with business, stay agile and continuously explore new and impactful developmental efforts.
Infosys Leadership Institute works towards facilitating an ecosystem that helps leaders invest in their own development and become better at not just what they do but also the kind of leader they become.








.










Helping enterprises lead the generative revolution across digital, human and ethical dimensions
Generative AI will reinvent business, technology and people. But to lead in this new era, one must mould generative AI to reimagine the digital enterprise, redefine our human capability, and reinforce AI ethics, all while driving rapid technology innovation.
Infosys Generative AI Labs, part of Infosys Topaz, makes this possible by bringing together ready-to-use industry solutions, a large partner ecosystem, and responsible design frameworks. Empowering everyone within and beyond the enterprise to make change happen as they imagine it.
Reimagine digital enterprise with ready-to-use industry solutions and accelerators
          By embedding generative AI into enterprise systems and applications, businesses can make big leaps in the digital journey and reimagine everything from contact center experiences to legacy modernization.
With early investments, strong partnerships and mature offerings, Infosys can enable businesses to alter the pace of change in their digital journey. Across industries, Infosys? generative AI solutions can disrupt normals and deliver value, from automating reports for clinical trials to personalizing content for apparel marketing. For a financial services leader, Infosys is using semantic search to help wealth managers find insights from over 10,0000 documents in an instant, resulting in greater customer satisfaction.
Redefine human capability by empowering people to coexist and cocreate
          Infosys? belief has long been that humans spot problems while machines solve them. With generative AI, businesses can truly empower people. Making them not just coexist, but cocreate to amplify creativity and boost productivity.Infosys is enabling the art of possible with generative AI tools, which are manifesting possibilities as wide ranging as code conversion and experience personalization, amplifying human potential to achieve far greater outcomes. Infosys enables medical writers at a US-based biopharma major to automate summarization of clinical trial reports using large language models, reducing manual effort by 30%.
Reinforce AI ethics and derisk using responsible design frameworks
          Even as generative AI creates breakthrough opportunities, it must be adopted with ethical consideration and designed for risk mitigation. AI requires moderation and fortification to be built in at every step, be it data sources or output interfaces.
Responsible by design as part of derisk is a key tenet to Infosys? applied AI approach. With a comprehensive framework, risk management is modelled centrally for bias and hallucination, while governance is adapted constantly to meet legal, security and privacy guidelines. Third-party partnerships also enable faster integration of new compliance models. For a large research university that uses automated help desk agents to answer student queries, Infosys frameworks analyze bias in responses and redact toxicity.
Breakthrough innovation will come from weaving generative AI across the technology stack, augmenting existing systems and accelerating outcomes for a truly adaptive enterprise. With Infosys Generative AI Labs, enterprises can achieve impactful shifts in everything from code creation to experience transformation and beyond. Infosys is taking an AI-first approach and is applying the power of generative AI, analytics and cloud to accelerate its own enterprise transformation.
 about Infosys Topaz at infosystopaz.com.





